[Music]
we all know the phrase a friend in need
is a friend indeed but did you know the
difference between good friends and
toxic friends well we all have that one
friend who's bad-tempered a little
jealous and somewhat conceited do you
think he or she is a true friend to you
let's see today we've got 10 major
differences between good friends and
toxic friends that you should consider
and don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button because it's important for us
number 1 good friends celebrate your
success
they're really happy with your promotion
at work your new relationships or even
your new shiny car they'll be the first
who call you and say hey well done
congratulations let's go out and
celebrate they're always very proud of
you toxic friends get jealous of your
achievement even your smallest
achievements enrage them they cannot put
up with the idea that someone's business
is going well they can like your photos
on Instagram but when you meet them in
person it's easy to notice they're
jealous of you it's literally written on
their faces
number two good friends know the
importance of your alone time sometimes
we all can't stand the hustle and bustle
of big cities so we need our private
time we spend this time on meditating
thinking reading good books or walking
our true friends understand this and
never get offended even if we cancel
weekend plans with them toxic friends
try to occupy all your time
they're like spiders they literally need
all your time and attention they easily
get offended when you want to spend some
time alone and complain about you to
others you always feel guilty when you
say no to them number three good friends
are caring and empathetic they say wow
you look great even if you have bed hair
and are wearing a rubble t-shirt they
never judge your appearance and they
always know how to cheer you up
toxic friends judge and criticize you Oh
where'd you get that weird hat
look terrible they never miss an
opportunity to point out your
shortcomings even the smallest ones they
hide behind the phrase I just want to
help you but they don't help at all they
make you feel awkward and uncomfortable
number four good friends respect you and
value your friendship you're a very
important person for them so they know
how to argue without being personal also
if something goes wrong when you travel
together they'll just laugh at all the
troubles toxic friends lose their
tempers easily they can even shout at
you in front of other friends or in
public if something goes wrong or not
according to their plan they lose their
temper very quickly
and become a monster number five good
friends enjoy exchanging opinions
they're interested in your opinion and
always listen to you if they disagree
with you
they'll express it in the mildest form
toxic friends only want to win an
argument they hardly reckon with your
opinion because they think that only
they are right and they try to prove it
by any means number six
good friends believe your words well of
course they won't believe you if you say
you're moving to Mars next weekend but
they usually believe all your stories
when you tell them something interesting
for instance from documentaries they
believe every word toxic friends doubt
everything you say they're like hmm are
you sure I think it's better to ask
Google no matter what you say they
always want to double-check number 7
good friends call you because they miss
you how was your day is everything okay
if you miss your class or work they'll
be the first to call to ask whether
you're alright they miss you and they
worry about you toxic friends finds you
only when they need your help
hey can you pick me up right now help me
with my work walk my dog no come on
world friends number eight good friends
except you the way you are even if you
wear all bright colors together sing on
the streets or spend all your weekends
riding a canoe they appreciate your
wings they don't care they love you the
toxic friends try to change and control
you they always say something like well
it's better for you is or you have to
try this
they find it hard to reconcile
themselves with your lifestyle but let's
be honest
their advice is so annoying number nine
good friends know that everyone has
their friends and they won't judge you
for that they might even become good
friends with your other friends if you
introduce them to each other if not
they'll still respect the fact that you
like to spend time with your other
friends and colleagues toxic friends
don't like your other friends remember
they're like spiders they don't want to
share you with other people and even
with your family they always want to be
the center of your life
number 10 good friends know how to keep
a secret if you tell them please don't
tell anyone they'll take it seriously
don't worry your secrets won't fly
around the world toxic friends say
things they shouldn't say and they
always add I shouldn't have told you
this if your friend tells you other
secrets it means he or she would spread
your secrets as well just avoid their
company gossip is not the best pastime
so have you recognized some of your
friends share this video with those who
you consider your best friend ever and
if you're visiting our channel for the
first time click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]